Ghc 28007 (#477)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-28007/example1/index.md

---
title: Misplaced language pragma
---

LANGUAGE pragmas need to come before the `module` keyword.

> In the example below the `RecursiveDo` pragma is used after the module keyword and therefore there's an additional error on line 10 suggesting that the `RecursiveDo` extension should be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `RecursiveDo` pragma is placed after the module keyword. Therefore, there's an additional error on line 10 suggesting that the `RecursiveDo` extension should be enabled. This is because language pragmas placed below the module header are ignored.
```

Little bit of elaboration as to why there's two errors
